All source codes for this site are used for the meta-analysis and the simulations in our paper "Causal intuition in the indefinite world: meta-analysis and simulations," submitted to BioSystems.

# Meta-analysis

We include the source code for the meta-analysis of human causal functions conducted in our paper.
Table 2 of our paper can be reproduced if running the meta-analysis program.

# Simulations

We include the source code for the computer simulations performed in our paper.
The simulation results of our paper can be reproduced by executing the corresponding Python source code in the table below.
Each source code has the same settings as the parameters described in our paper.
Please reduce the number of generated tables or simulations when checking the behavior.
Note: By default, run time is 30 minutes to 12 hours

| Simulation name | File name                | Figure no. | Note                                          |
| --------------- | ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| Simulation Aa   | simAa_preventive.py      | Fig. A.9   |                                               |
| Simulation Ab   | simAb_definability.py    | Fig. A.10  |                                               |
| Simulation Ba   | simBa_corr_phi.py        | Fig. B.11  |                                               |
| Simulation Bb   | simBb_corr_phi0.py       | Fig. 4     |                                               |
| Simulation Bc   | simBc_equiprobability.py | Fig. 5     |                                               |
| Simulation C    | simC_plotter.py          | Fig. 6     | Need to run simC_data_generator.py in advance |
| Simulation C    | simC_linearity.py        | Fig. 7     |                                               |
| Simulation D    | simD_auc_fix_prob.py     | Fig. 8(a)  |                                               |
| Simulation D    | simD_auc_fix_thrpop.py   | Fig. 8(b)  |                                               |

Note: By default, run time is 30 minutes to 12 hours

# Install

Clone repository and install requirements.txt in a Python>= 3.9.12 environment.

```
git clone https://github.com/cyisnf/paris_biosys
cd paris_biosys
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Tutorials

## meta-analysis

Meta-analysis in our paper is executed as follows;

```
python meta_analysis.py
```

After execution, meta_analysis.csv is saved in the `outputs' directory.

## Simulations

Running the source code corresponding to each simulation will output the figures shown in the paper.
The method of execution differs depending on whether the simulation C or otherwise.

### Simulation: Aa, Ab, Ba, Bb, Bc, D

For example, Simulation Aa in our paper is executed as follows;

```
python simAa_preventive.py
```

After execution, matplotlib will draw a graph on display.
When the graph is closed, a folder with the name of the simulation is created in the `outputs' directory, and a pdf of the graph is saved in that folder.

### Simulation: C

Two codes need to be executed to output a figure of simulation C.
The data is generated by executing "simC_data_generator.py," and then the figure is output by executing "simC_plotter.py."

# License

MIT License

# Contact

For meta-analysis and simulation bug requests, please visit GitHub Issues.
For professional support, please Contact Us.
